Laptop,Issue
Dell XPS 13,Fingerprint scanner is malfunctioning.
Dell G5 15 SE, Experiencing issues with the driver AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Zephyrus M15, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Ethernet Driver.
HP Pavilion, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Fortnite with its NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
Acer Predator Triton 500, Sound system is having issues with its Dolby Audio Driver.
Lenovo Legion 5i, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wireless-AC 9560 Wi-Fi Driver.
Dell Inspiron 15 7000, Having issues with webcam driver.
HP Envy x360, Experiencing issues with the driver Synaptics Touchpad Driver.
Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 5, Having issues and not functioning well with its AMD Ryzen Processor Driver.
Microsoft Surface Laptop 4, Experiencing issues with its camera driver.
Asus TUF Gaming A15, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Apex Legends with its NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
HP EliteBook 840 G7, Sound system is having issues with its Bang & Olufsen Audio Driver.
Dell Precision 5560, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Lenovo Yoga C740, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Bluetooth Driver.
Acer Nitro 5, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Call of Duty with its AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Strix G15, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
HP Spectre x360, Having issues and not functioning well with its Intel HD Graphics Driver.
Dell XPS 15 9500, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wi-Fi 6 AX201 Driver.
Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Thunderbolt 3 Driver.
Microsoft Surface Pro 7, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Minecraft with its Intel Iris Plus Graphics Driver.
Acer Swift 3, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
Asus VivoBook S15, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
HP ZBook Firefly G7, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Bluetooth Driver.
Dell Latitude 7420, Sound system is having issues with its Waves MaxxAudio Pro Driver.
Lenovo ThinkBook 14, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Ethernet Driver.
HP ProBook 450 G8, Having issues and not functioning well with its Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Acer Chromebook Spin 713, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wi-Fi 6 AX201 Driver.
Asus ZenBook Flip S, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
Dell Alienware m15 R4, Having issues and not functioning well with its NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
Lenovo Legion 7i, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
HP Envy 13, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Graphics Driver.
Microsoft Surface Laptop Go, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Among Us with its Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Zephyrus G15, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
Dell Inspiron 14 5000, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Bluetooth Driver.
Lenovo IdeaPad 5, Having issues and not functioning well with its Realtek Audio Driver.
HP Pavilion x360, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Graphics Driver.
Acer Aspire 5, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
Asus Chromebook Flip C434, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wi-Fi 6 AX200 Driver.
Dell G3 15, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Rainbow Six Siege with its NVIDIA GeForce
Dell XPS 13, Touchpad not responding well.
Dell G5 15 SE, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Zephyrus M15, Sound system is having issues with its Realtek Audio Driver.
HP Pavilion, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Acer Predator Triton 500, Fingerprint scanner is malfunctioning.
Lenovo Legion 5i, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wireless-AC 9560 Wi-Fi Driver.
Dell Inspiron 15 7000, Display is flickering.
HP Envy x360, Having issues and not functioning well with its AMD Ryzen Processor Driver.
Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 5, Sound system is having issues with its Dolby Audio Driver.
Microsoft Surface Laptop 4, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
Asus TUF Gaming A15, Keyboard backlight not working properly.
HP EliteBook 840 G7, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Bluetooth Driver.
Dell Precision 5560, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA Quadro Graphics Driver.
Lenovo Yoga C740, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Graphics Driver.
Acer Nitro 5, Having issues and not functioning well when playing Valorant with its AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Strix G15, Battery life is shorter than expected.
HP Spectre x360, Having issues and not functioning well with its Intel Wireless-AC 9560 Wi-Fi Driver.
Dell XPS 15 9500, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Audio Driver.
Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Graphics Driver.
Microsoft Surface Pro 7, Having issues and not functioning well when using Microsoft Teams with its Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Acer Swift 3, Experiencing issues with the driver AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Asus VivoBook S15, Webcam not working properly.
HP ZBook Firefly G7, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA Quadro Graphics Driver.
Dell Latitude 7420, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Lenovo ThinkBook 14, Battery not charging properly.
HP ProBook 450 G8, Having issues and not functioning well with its Intel Wireless-AC 9560 Wi-Fi Driver.
Acer Chromebook Spin 713, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wi-Fi 6 AX200 Driver.
Asus ZenBook Flip S, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Bluetooth Driver.
Dell Alienware m15 R4, Experiencing issues with the driver NVIDIA GeForce Graphics Driver.
Lenovo Legion 7i, Sound system is having issues with its Bang & Olufsen Audio Driver.
HP Envy 13, Experiencing issues with the driver Synaptics Touchpad Driver.
Microsoft Surface Laptop Go, Having issues and not functioning well when using Zoom with its Intel UHD Graphics Driver.
Asus ROG Zephyrus G15, Experiencing issues with the driver AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Dell Inspiron 14 5000, Experiencing issues with the driver AMD Radeon Graphics Driver.
Lenovo IdeaPad 5, Experiencing issues with the driver Realtek Ethernet Driver.
HP Pavilion x360, Battery not charging properly.
Acer Aspire 5, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Graphics Driver.
Asus Chromebook Flip C434, Experiencing issues with the driver Intel Wi-Fi 6 AX200 Driver.
Dell G3 15, Sound system is having issues with its Waves Max